Is this marriage contract real or fake?
Don't you just ask grandpa?
Your grandfather has long been for you
I can't contact him even if Yunyou Eleven goes.
But anyway
I will not agree to your marriage
Dad, this is really the marriage contract signed by grandpa himself
That's enough!
Since you became a free man
Your grandfather traveled everywhere for you to seek medical treatment
Now even I have no trace of him
If this emblem is really what he means
Then your father himself
Why hasn't it appeared now?
Sister, I didn't know you were naive
Still don't want to marry the Lei family
The date on it is clearly written
That is, if grandpa is staring at you, grandpa
I don't know where grandpa is
But it's really signed by grandpa himself
Dad, I doubt it.
My sister brought it to the vice president, he just doesn't want to marry
Reluctant to the rights of the company
Pick it up
Are you talking to me?